README.md, before:

# Git Demo Repository

## Purpose

Welcome to the Git Demo Repository! This repository is designed as a demo repo used in https://github.com/sait-lab/learn-git. Let's get started on your journey to mastering Git!

## Getting Started

To get started with this repository, follow these steps:

1. **Create a fork of this repository**. [Fork a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo)

2. **Clone the Repository**: 

    ```sh
    git clone git://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/git-demo-repo.git
    
    # Or
    
    git clone git://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/git-demo-repo.git <DIFFERENT_FOLDER>
    ```

3. **Navigate to the Repository**:

    ```sh
    cd git-demo-repo
    ```

4. **Make Your First Commit**:

    - Modify a file or add a new file.
    - Stage your changes:
        ```sh
        git add <filename>
        ```
    - Commit your changes:
        ```sh
        git commit -m "Your commit message"
        ```

5. **Push Changes**:

    ```sh
    git push origin main
    ```

## Additional Resources

- [Official Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/doc)
- [Pro Git Book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
- [GitHub Learning Lab](https://lab.github.com/)
- [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)

Commit message:

docs: modify clone forked repo

README.md, after:

# Git Demo Repository

## Purpose

Welcome to the Git Demo Repository! This repository is designed as a demo repo used in https://github.com/sait-lab/learn-git. Let's get started on your journey to mastering Git!

## Getting Started

To get started with this repository, follow these steps:

1. **Create a fork of this repository**. [Fork a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo)

2. **Clone from Your Forked Repository**: 

    ```sh
    # This command clones the repo to default git-demo-repo folder
    git clone git://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/git-demo-repo.git
    
    # Or
    
    git clone git://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/git-demo-repo.git <DIFFERENT_FOLDER>
    ```

3. **Navigate to the Repository**:

    ```sh
    cd git-demo-repo
    ```

4. **Make Your First Commit**:

    - Modify a file or add a new file.
    - Stage your changes:
        ```sh
        git add <filename>
        ```
    - Commit your changes:
        ```sh
        git commit -m "Your commit message"
        ```

5. **Push Changes**:

    ```sh
    git push origin main
    ```

## Additional Resources

- [Official Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/doc)
- [Pro Git Book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
- [GitHub Learning Lab](https://lab.github.com/)
- [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
